[Cofense] Add support for `inbox_reports` endpoint (#9090)
demisto/content: Packs/CofenseTriage/ReleaseNotes/1_1_6.md

#### Integrations
##### Cofense Triage v2

> - Add new `cofense-search-inbox-reports` command
> - Add new `mailbox_location` parameter to control the source of the periodic incident poll
> - Expand existing `cofense-search-reports` command to support specifying reporter by email address. The new `cofense-search-inbox-reports` command already supports this.
> - Upgrade the Docker image to 1.0.0.11298

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new `cofense-search-inbox-reports` command
- Added new `mailbox_location` parameter to control the source of the periodic incident poll
- Expanded existing `cofense-search-reports` command to support specifying reporter by email address. The new `cofense-search-inbox-reports` command already supports this.
- Upgraded the Docker image to 1.0.0.11298
```

Author: Changed.

> - Upgrade the Docker image to 1.0.0.11298

Author: Updated.

> - Upgraded the Docker image to 1.0.0.11930

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upgraded the Docker image to 1.0.0.12337
```
